docs/components/View.md, before:

# View

`View` is the fundamental UI building block. It is a component that supports
style, layout with flexbox, and accessibility controls. It can be nested
inside another `View` and has 0-to-many children of any type.

## Props

NOTE: `View` will transfer all other props to the rendered HTML element.

**accessibilityLabel** string

Overrides the text that's read by the screen reader when the user interacts
with the element. (This is implemented using `aria-label`.)

**accessible** bool

When `false`, the view is hidden from screenreaders. Default: `true`. (This is
implemented using `aria-hidden`.)

**component** function, string

Default: `div`.

**pointerEvents** oneOf('auto', 'box-only', 'box-none', 'none')

Configure the `pointerEvents` of the view. The enhanced `pointerEvents` modes
provided are not part of the CSS spec, therefore, `pointerEvents` is excluded
from `style`.

`box-none` is the equivalent of:

```css
.box-none { pointer-events: none }
.box-none * { pointer-events: auto }
```

`box-only` is the equivalent of:

```css
.box-only { pointer-events: auto }
.box-only * { pointer-events: none }
```

**style** style

+ `alignContent`
+ `alignItems`
+ `alignSelf`
+ `backfaceVisibility`
+ `backgroundAttachment`
+ `backgroundClip`
+ `backgroundColor`
+ `backgroundImage`
+ `backgroundOrigin`
+ `backgroundPosition`
+ `backgroundRepeat`
+ `backgroundSize`
+ `borderColor`
+ `borderRadius`
+ `borderStyle`
+ `borderWidth`
+ `bottom`
+ `boxShadow`
+ `boxSizing`
+ `cursor`
+ `flexBasis`
+ `flexDirection`
+ `flexGrow`
+ `flexShrink`
+ `flexWrap`
+ `height`
+ `justifyContent`
+ `left`
+ `margin`
+ `maxHeight`
+ `maxWidth`
+ `minHeight`
+ `minWidth`
+ `opacity`
+ `order`
+ `overflow`
+ `overflowX`
+ `overflowY`
+ `padding`
+ `position`
+ `right`
+ `top`
+ `transform`
+ `userSelect`
+ `visibility`
+ `width`
+ `zIndex`

Default:

```js
{
  alignItems: 'stretch',
  borderWidth: 0,
  borderStyle: 'solid',
  boxSizing: 'border-box',
  display: 'flex',
  flexBasis: 'auto',
  flexDirection: 'column',
  flexShrink: 0,
  margin: 0,
  padding: 0,
  position: 'relative'
};
```

(See [facebook/css-layout](https://github.com/facebook/css-layout)).

**testID** string

Used to locate this view in end-to-end tests.

## Examples

```js
import React, { View } from 'react-native-web'

const { Component, PropTypes } = React

class Example extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <View style={styles.row}>
        {
          ['1', '2', '3', '4', '5'].map((value, i) => {
            return <View children={value} key={i} style={styles.cell} />
          })
        }
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = {
  row: {
    flexDirection: 'row'
  },
  cell: {
    flexGrow: 1
  }
}

export default Example
```

Commit message:

View: additional accessibility props
* Add `accessibilityLiveRegion` for `aria-live` support.
* Add `accessibilityRole` for `role` support.

Fix #11

docs/components/View.md, after:

# View

`View` is the fundamental UI building block. It is a component that supports
style, layout with flexbox, and accessibility controls. It can be nested
inside another `View` and has 0-to-many children of any type.

## Props

NOTE: `View` will transfer all other props to the rendered HTML element.

**accessibilityLabel** string

Defines the text available to assistive technologies upon interaction with the
element. (This is implemented using `aria-label`.)

**accessible** bool

When `false`, the view is hidden from assistive technologies. Default: `true`. (This is
implemented using `aria-hidden`.)

**accessibilityLiveRegion** oneOf('assertive', 'off', 'polite')

Indicates to assistive technologies whether to notify the user when the view
changes. The values of this attribute are expressed in degrees of importance.
When regions are specified as `polite` (recommended), updates take low
priority. When regions are specified as `assertive`, assistive technologies
will interrupt and immediately notify the user. Default: `off`. (This is
implemented using [`aria-live`](http://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/states_and_properties#aria-live).)

**accessibilityRole** oneOf(roles)

Allows assistive technologies to present and support interaction with the view
in a manner that is consistent with user expectations for similar views of that
type. For example, marking a touchable view with an `accessibilityRole` of
`button`. (This is implemented using [ARIA roles](http://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/roles#role_definitions)).

Note: Avoid changing `accessibilityRole` values over time or after user
actions. Generally, accessibility APIs do not provide a means of notifying
assistive technologies of a `role` value change.

**component** function, string

The React Component for this view. Default: `div`.

**pointerEvents** oneOf('auto', 'box-only', 'box-none', 'none')

Configure the `pointerEvents` of the view. The enhanced `pointerEvents` modes
provided are not part of the CSS spec, therefore, `pointerEvents` is excluded
from `style`.

`box-none` is the equivalent of:

```css
.box-none { pointer-events: none }
.box-none * { pointer-events: auto }
```

`box-only` is the equivalent of:

```css
.box-only { pointer-events: auto }
.box-only * { pointer-events: none }
```

**style** style

+ `alignContent`
+ `alignItems`
+ `alignSelf`
+ `backfaceVisibility`
+ `backgroundAttachment`
+ `backgroundClip`
+ `backgroundColor`
+ `backgroundImage`
+ `backgroundOrigin`
+ `backgroundPosition`
+ `backgroundRepeat`
+ `backgroundSize`
+ `borderColor`
+ `borderRadius`
+ `borderStyle`
+ `borderWidth`
+ `bottom`
+ `boxShadow`
+ `boxSizing`
+ `cursor`
+ `flexBasis`
+ `flexDirection`
+ `flexGrow`
+ `flexShrink`
+ `flexWrap`
+ `height`
+ `justifyContent`
+ `left`
+ `margin`
+ `maxHeight`
+ `maxWidth`
+ `minHeight`
+ `minWidth`
+ `opacity`
+ `order`
+ `overflow`
+ `overflowX`
+ `overflowY`
+ `padding`
+ `position`
+ `right`
+ `top`
+ `transform`
+ `userSelect`
+ `visibility`
+ `width`
+ `zIndex`

Default:

```js
{
  alignItems: 'stretch',
  borderWidth: 0,
  borderStyle: 'solid',
  boxSizing: 'border-box',
  display: 'flex',
  flexBasis: 'auto',
  flexDirection: 'column',
  flexShrink: 0,
  margin: 0,
  padding: 0,
  position: 'relative'
};
```

(See [facebook/css-layout](https://github.com/facebook/css-layout)).

**testID** string

Used to locate this view in end-to-end tests.

## Examples

```js
import React, { View } from 'react-native-web'

const { Component, PropTypes } = React

class Example extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <View style={styles.row}>
        {
          ['1', '2', '3', '4', '5'].map((value, i) => {
            return <View children={value} key={i} style={styles.cell} />
          })
        }
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = {
  row: {
    flexDirection: 'row'
  },
  cell: {
    flexGrow: 1
  }
}

export default Example
```
