.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Reporting Issues and Asking Questions

Before opening an issue, please search the [issue
tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues) to make sure your
issue hasn't already been reported.

## Getting started

Visit the [Issue tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues)
to find a list of open issues that need attention.

Fork, then clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/react-native-web.git
```

Install dependencies (requires [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)):

```
yarn
```

## Automated tests

To run the linter:

```
yarn lint
```

To run flow:

```
yarn flow
```

To run the unit tests:

```
yarn jest
```

…in watch mode:

```
yarn jest --watch
```

To run all these automated tests:

```
yarn test
```

## Compile and build

To compile the `react-native-web` source code:

```
yarn compile
```

…in watch mode:

```
yarn compile --watch
```

## Website and visual tests

To run the interactive storybook:

```
yarn website
```

When you're also making changes to the 'react-native-web' source files, run this command in another process:

```
yarn compile --watch
```

## Benchmarks

To run the benchmarks locally:

```
yarn benchmarks
open ./packages/benchmarks/dist/index.html
```

To develop against these benchmarks:

```
yarn compile --watch
yarn benchmarks --watch
```

### New Features

Please open an issue with a proposal for a new feature or refactoring before
starting on the work. We don't want you to waste your efforts on a pull request
that we won't want to accept.

## Pull requests

**Before submitting a pull request**, please make sure the following is done:

1. Fork the repository and create your branch from `master`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests!
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the tests pass (`yarn test`).

You can now submit a pull request, referencing any issues it addresses.

Please try to keep your pull request focused in scope and avoid including
unrelated commits.

After you have submitted your pull request, we'll try to get back to you as
soon as possible. We may suggest some changes or improvements.

Thank you for contributing!

## Releases

To commit, publish, and push a final version:

```
yarn release <version>
```

Release candidates or versions that you'd like to publish to npm, but do not
want to produce a commit and push it to GitHub:

```
yarn release <version> --skip-git
```

Commit message:

GitHub issue template adjustment
Move help text into HTML comments and make it clear that issues will be
closed if the issue template is ignored.

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Reporting Issues and Asking Questions

Before opening an issue, please search the [issue
tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues) to make sure your
issue hasn't already been reported. Please note that your issue may be closed
if it doesn't include the information requested in the issue template.

## Getting started

Visit the [Issue tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues)
to find a list of open issues that need attention.

Fork, then clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/react-native-web.git
```

Install dependencies (requires [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)):

```
yarn
```

## Automated tests

To run the linter:

```
yarn lint
```

To run flow:

```
yarn flow
```

To run the unit tests:

```
yarn jest
```

…in watch mode:

```
yarn jest --watch
```

To run all these automated tests:

```
yarn test
```

## Compile and build

To compile the `react-native-web` source code:

```
yarn compile
```

…in watch mode:

```
yarn compile --watch
```

## Website and visual tests

To run the interactive storybook:

```
yarn website
```

When you're also making changes to the 'react-native-web' source files, run this command in another process:

```
yarn compile --watch
```

## Benchmarks

To run the benchmarks locally:

```
yarn benchmarks
open ./packages/benchmarks/dist/index.html
```

To develop against these benchmarks:

```
yarn compile --watch
yarn benchmarks --watch
```

### New Features

Please open an issue with a proposal for a new feature or refactoring before
starting on the work. We don't want you to waste your efforts on a pull request
that we won't want to accept.

## Pull requests

**Before submitting a pull request**, please make sure the following is done:

1. Fork the repository and create your branch from `master`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests!
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the tests pass (`yarn test`).

You can now submit a pull request, referencing any issues it addresses.

Please try to keep your pull request focused in scope and avoid including
unrelated commits.

After you have submitted your pull request, we'll try to get back to you as
soon as possible. We may suggest some changes or improvements.

Thank you for contributing!

## Releases

To commit, publish, and push a final version:

```
yarn release <version>
```

Release candidates or versions that you'd like to publish to npm, but do not
want to produce a commit and push it to GitHub:

```
yarn release <version> --skip-git
```
