CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

We are open to, and grateful for, any contributions made by the community.

## Reporting Issues and Asking Questions

Before opening an issue, please search the [issue
tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues) to make sure your
issue hasn't already been reported.

## Development

Visit the [Issue tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues)
to find a list of open issues that need attention.

Fork, then clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/react-native-web.git
```

Install dependencies (requires [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install):

```
yarn
```

Run the examples:

```
npm run examples
```

### Building

```
npm run build
```

To create a UMD build:

```
npm run build:umd
```

### Testing and Linting

To run the tests:

```
npm run test
```

To continuously watch and run tests, run the following:

```
npm run test:watch
```

To perform only linting, run the following:

```
npm run lint
```

### New Features

Please open an issue with a proposal for a new feature or refactoring before
starting on the work. We don't want you to waste your efforts on a pull request
that we won't want to accept.

## Submitting Changes

* Open a new issue in the [Issue tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues).
* Fork the repo.
* Create a new feature branch based off the `master` branch.
* Make sure all tests pass and there are no linting errors.
* Submit a pull request, referencing any issues it addresses.

Please try to keep your pull request focused in scope and avoid including unrelated commits.

After you have submitted your pull request, we'll try to get back to you as soon as possible. We may suggest some changes or improvements.

Thank you for contributing!

Commit message:

Add initial performance benchmarks
Simple render tree benchmarks originally developed by @lelandrichardson

Fix #306

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Reporting Issues and Asking Questions

Before opening an issue, please search the [issue
tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues) to make sure your
issue hasn't already been reported.

## Development

Visit the [Issue tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues)
to find a list of open issues that need attention.

Fork, then clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/react-native-web.git
```

Install dependencies (requires [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install):

```
yarn
```

Run the examples:

```
npm run examples
```

Run the benchmarks in a browser by opening `./performance/index.html` after running:

```
npm run build:performance
```

### Building

```
npm run build
```

To create a UMD build:

```
npm run build:umd
```

### Testing and Linting

To run the tests:

```
npm run test
```

To continuously watch and run tests, run the following:

```
npm run test:watch
```

To perform only linting, run the following:

```
npm run lint
```

### New Features

Please open an issue with a proposal for a new feature or refactoring before
starting on the work. We don't want you to waste your efforts on a pull request
that we won't want to accept.

## Submitting Changes

* Open a new issue in the [Issue tracker](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/issues).
* Fork the repo.
* Create a new feature branch based off the `master` branch.
* Make sure all tests pass and there are no linting errors.
* Submit a pull request, referencing any issues it addresses.

Please try to keep your pull request focused in scope and avoid including unrelated commits.

After you have submitted your pull request, we'll try to get back to you as soon as possible. We may suggest some changes or improvements.

Thank you for contributing!
