docs/apis/StyleSheet.md, before:

# StyleSheet

The `StyleSheet` abstraction converts predefined styles to (vendor-prefixed)
CSS without requiring a compile-time step. Styles that cannot be resolved
outside of the render loop (e.g., dynamic positioning) are usually applied as
inline styles. Read more about [how to style your
application](../guides/style.md).

## Methods

**create**(obj: {[key: string]: any})

Each key of the object passed to `create` must define a style object.

**flatten**: function

Flattens an array of styles into a single style object.

(web) **renderToString**: function

Returns a string of the stylesheet for use in server-side rendering.

## Properties

**absoluteFill**: number

A very common pattern is to create overlays with position absolute and zero positioning,
so `absoluteFill` can be used for convenience and to reduce duplication of these repeated
styles.

```js
<View style={StyleSheet.absoluteFill} />
```

**absoluteFillObject**: object

Sometimes you may want `absoluteFill` but with a couple tweaks - `absoluteFillObject` can be
used to create a customized entry in a `StyleSheet`, e.g.:

```js
const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  wrapper: {
    ...StyleSheet.absoluteFillObject,
    backgroundColor: 'transparent',
    top: 10
  }
})
```

**hairlineWidth**: number

## Example

```js
<View style={styles.container}>
  <Text
    children={'Title text'}
    style={[
      styles.title,
      this.props.isActive && styles.activeTitle
    ]}
  />
</View>

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    borderRadius: 4,
    borderWidth: 0.5,
    borderColor: '#d6d7da',
  },
  title: {
    fontSize: 19,
    fontWeight: 'bold',
  },
  activeTitle: {
    color: 'red',
  }
})
```

Commit message:

[change] AppRegistry.getApplication returns React elements
This changes the return value of 'getApplication' so that the
application element and stylesheets are all available as React elements.
Also changes StyleSheet's 'renderToString' to 'getStyleSheets'.

Fix #504

docs/apis/StyleSheet.md, after:

# StyleSheet

The `StyleSheet` abstraction converts predefined styles to (vendor-prefixed)
CSS without requiring a compile-time step. Styles that cannot be resolved
outside of the render loop (e.g., dynamic positioning) are usually applied as
inline styles. Read more about [how to style your
application](../guides/style.md).

## Methods

**create**(obj: {[key: string]: any})

Each key of the object passed to `create` must define a style object.

**flatten**: function

Flattens an array of styles into a single style object.

(web) **getStyleSheets**: function

Returns an array of stylesheets (`{ id, textContent }`). Useful for
compile-time or server-side rendering.

## Properties

**absoluteFill**: number

A very common pattern is to create overlays with position absolute and zero positioning,
so `absoluteFill` can be used for convenience and to reduce duplication of these repeated
styles.

```js
<View style={StyleSheet.absoluteFill} />
```

**absoluteFillObject**: object

Sometimes you may want `absoluteFill` but with a couple tweaks - `absoluteFillObject` can be
used to create a customized entry in a `StyleSheet`, e.g.:

```js
const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  wrapper: {
    ...StyleSheet.absoluteFillObject,
    backgroundColor: 'transparent',
    top: 10
  }
})
```

**hairlineWidth**: number

## Example

```js
<View style={styles.container}>
  <Text
    children={'Title text'}
    style={[
      styles.title,
      this.props.isActive && styles.activeTitle
    ]}
  />
</View>

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    borderRadius: 4,
    borderWidth: 0.5,
    borderColor: '#d6d7da',
  },
  title: {
    fontSize: 19,
    fontWeight: 'bold',
  },
  activeTitle: {
    color: 'red',
  }
})
```
