docs/guides/direct-manipulation.md, before:

# Direct manipulation

React Native for Web provides several methods to directly access the underlying
DOM node. This can be useful when you need to make changes directly to a
component without using state/props to trigger a re-render of the entire
subtree, or when you want to focus a view or measure its on-screen dimensions.

The methods described are available on most of the default components provided
by React Native for Web. Note, however, that they are *not* available on the
composite components that you define in your own app.

## Instance methods

**blur**()

Removes focus from an input or view. This is the opposite of `focus()`.

**focus**()

Requests focus for the given input or view. The exact behavior triggered will
depend the type of view.

**measure**(callback: (x, y, width, height, pageX, pageY) => void)

For a given view, `measure` determines the offset relative to the parent view,
width, height, and the offset relative to the viewport. Returns the values via
an async callback.

Note that these measurements are not available until after the rendering has
been completed.

**measureLayout**(relativeToNativeNode: DOMNode, onSuccess: (x, y, width, height) => void)

Like `measure`, but measures the view relative to another view, specified as
`relativeToNativeNode`. This means that the returned `x`, `y` are relative to
the origin `x`, `y` of the ancestor view.

**setNativeProps**(nativeProps: Object)

This function sends props straight to the underlying DOM node. See the [direct
manipulation](../guides/direct-manipulation.md) guide for cases where
`setNativeProps` should be used.

## About `setNativeProps`

`setNativeProps` is the React Native equivalent to setting properties directly
on a DOM node. Use direct manipulation when frequent re-rendering creates a
performance bottleneck. Direct manipulation will not be a tool that you reach
for frequently.

### `setNativeProps` and `shouldComponentUpdate`

`setNativeProps` is imperative and stores state in the native layer (DOM,
UIView, etc.) and not within your React components, which makes your code more
difficult to reason about. Before you use it, try to solve your problem with
`setState` and `shouldComponentUpdate`.

### Avoiding conflicts with the render function

If you update a property that is also managed by the render function, you might
end up with some unpredictable and confusing bugs because anytime the component
re-renders and that property changes, whatever value was previously set from
`setNativeProps` will be completely ignored and overridden.

### Why use `setNativeProps` on Web?

Using `setNativeProps` in web-specific code is required when making changes to
`className` or `style`, as these properties are controlled by React Native for
Web and setting them directly may cause unintended rendering issues.

```js
setOpacityTo(value) {
  this._childElement.setNativeProps({
    style: { opacity: value }
  })
}
```

### Composite components and `setNativeProps`

Composite components are not backed by a DOM node, so you cannot call
`setNativeProps` on them. Consider this example:

```js
const MyButton = (props) => (
  <View>
    <Text>{props.label}</Text>
  </View>
)

const App = () => (
  <TouchableOpacity>
    <MyButton label="Press me!" />
  </TouchableOpacity>
)
```

If you run this you will immediately see this error: `Touchable` child must
either be native or forward `setNativeProps` to a native component. This occurs
because `MyButton` isn't directly backed by a native view whose opacity should
be set. You can think about it like this: if you define a component with
`React.Component/createClass` you would not expect to be able to set a style
prop on it and have that work - you would need to pass the style prop down to a
child, unless you are wrapping a native component. Similarly, we are going to
forward `setNativeProps` to a native-backed child component.

### Forward `setNativeProps` to a child

All we need to do is provide a `setNativeProps` method on our component that
calls `setNativeProps` on the appropriate child with the given arguments.

```js
class MyButton extends React.Component {
  setNativeProps(nativeProps) {
    this._root.setNativeProps(nativeProps)
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <View ref={component => this._root = component}>
        <Text>{this.props.label}</Text>
      </View>
    )
  }
}
```

You can now use `MyButton` inside of `TouchableOpacity`!

### `setNativeProps` to clear `TextInput` value

Another very common use case of `setNativeProps` is to clear the value of a
`TextInput`. For example, the following code demonstrates clearing the input
when you tap a button:

```js
class App extends React.Component {
  _handlePress() {
    this._textInput.setNativeProps({ text: '' })
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <TextInput
          ref={component => this._textInput = component}
          style={styles.textInput}
        />
        <TouchableOpacity onPress={this._handlePress.bind(this)}>
          <Text>Clear text</Text>
        </TouchableOpacity>
      </View>
    )
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Document more instance methods in Direct Manipulation guide
Fix #704

docs/guides/direct-manipulation.md, after:

# Direct manipulation

React Native provides several methods to directly access the underlying host
node. This can be useful when you need to make changes directly to a component
without using state/props to trigger a re-render of the entire subtree, or when
you want to focus a view or measure its on-screen dimensions.

The methods described are available on most of the default components provided
by React Native for Web. Note, however, that they are *not* available on the composite
components that you define in your own app.

## Instance methods

**blur**()

Removes focus from an input or view. This is the opposite of `focus()`.

**focus**()

Requests focus for the given input or view. The exact behavior triggered will
depend the type of view.

**measure**(callback: (x, y, width, height, pageX, pageY) => void)

For a given view, `measure` determines the offset relative to the parent view,
width, height, and the offset relative to the viewport. Returns the values via
an async callback.

Note that these measurements are not available until after the rendering has
been completed.

**measureLayout**(relativeToNativeNode: DOMNode, onSuccess: (x, y, width, height) => void)

Like `measure`, but measures the view relative to another view, specified as
`relativeToNativeNode`. This means that the returned `x`, `y` are relative to
the origin `x`, `y` of the ancestor view.

As always, to obtain a native node handle for a component, you can use
`findNodeHandle(component)`.

**measureInWindow**(callback: (x, y, width, height) => void)

Determines the location of the given view in the window and returns the values
via an async callback.

**setNativeProps**(nativeProps: Object)

This function sends props straight to the underlying DOM node.

## About `setNativeProps`

`setNativeProps` is the React Native equivalent to setting properties directly
on a DOM node. Use direct manipulation when frequent re-rendering creates a
performance bottleneck. Direct manipulation will not be a tool that you reach
for frequently.

### `setNativeProps` and `shouldComponentUpdate`

`setNativeProps` is imperative and stores state in the native layer (DOM,
UIView, etc.) and not within your React components, which makes your code more
difficult to reason about. Before you use it, try to solve your problem with
`setState` and `shouldComponentUpdate`.

### Avoiding conflicts with the render function

If you update a property that is also managed by the render function, you might
end up with some unpredictable and confusing bugs because anytime the component
re-renders and that property changes, whatever value was previously set from
`setNativeProps` will be completely ignored and overridden.

### Why use `setNativeProps` on Web?

Using `setNativeProps` in web-specific code is required when making changes to
`className` or `style`, as these properties are controlled by React Native for
Web and setting them directly may cause unintended rendering issues.

```js
setOpacityTo(value) {
  this._childElement.setNativeProps({
    style: { opacity: value }
  })
}
```

### Composite components and `setNativeProps`

Composite components are not backed by a DOM node, so you cannot call
`setNativeProps` on them. Consider this example:

```js
const MyButton = (props) => (
  <View>
    <Text>{props.label}</Text>
  </View>
)

const App = () => (
  <TouchableOpacity>
    <MyButton label="Press me!" />
  </TouchableOpacity>
)
```

If you run this you will immediately see this error: `Touchable` child must
either be native or forward `setNativeProps` to a native component. This occurs
because `MyButton` isn't directly backed by a native view whose opacity should
be set. You can think about it like this: if you define a component with
`React.Component/createClass` you would not expect to be able to set a style
prop on it and have that work - you would need to pass the style prop down to a
child, unless you are wrapping a native component. Similarly, we are going to
forward `setNativeProps` to a native-backed child component.

### Forward `setNativeProps` to a child

All we need to do is provide a `setNativeProps` method on our component that
calls `setNativeProps` on the appropriate child with the given arguments.

```js
class MyButton extends React.Component {
  setNativeProps(nativeProps) {
    this._root.setNativeProps(nativeProps)
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <View ref={component => this._root = component}>
        <Text>{this.props.label}</Text>
      </View>
    )
  }
}
```

You can now use `MyButton` inside of `TouchableOpacity`!

### `setNativeProps` to clear `TextInput` value

Another very common use case of `setNativeProps` is to clear the value of a
`TextInput`. For example, the following code demonstrates clearing the input
when you tap a button:

```js
class App extends React.Component {
  _handlePress() {
    this._textInput.setNativeProps({ text: '' })
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <TextInput
          ref={component => this._textInput = component}
          style={styles.textInput}
        />
        <TouchableOpacity onPress={this._handlePress.bind(this)}>
          <Text>Clear text</Text>
        </TouchableOpacity>
      </View>
    )
  }
}
```
